c:\users\kvaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\kvaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\kvaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\kvaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\kvaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\kvaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\kvaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\kvaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\kvaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\kvaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\kvaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\kvaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\kvaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\kvaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\WebApplication1.dll.config
c:\users\kvaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\WebApplication1.dll
c:\users\kvaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\WebApplication1.pdb
c:\users\kvaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\kvaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\AutoMapper.dll
c:\users\kvaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\kvaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\kvaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\kvaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\kvaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\kvaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\kvaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\kvaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\kvaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\kvaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\kvaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\kvaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\kvaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Ninject.dll
c:\users\kvaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
c:\users\kvaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\kvaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\NLayerApp.BLL.dll
c:\users\kvaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\kvaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\kvaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\kvaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\kvaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\kvaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\kvaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\kvaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
c:\users\kvaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\kvaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\App.DAL.dll
c:\users\kvaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\NLayerApp.BLL.pdb
c:\users\kvaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\AutoMapper.xml
c:\users\kvaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\kvaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\kvaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\kvaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\kvaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\kvaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\kvaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\kvaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\kvaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Ninject.xml
c:\users\kvaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
c:\users\kvaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\kvaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\kvaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\kvaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\kvaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\kvaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\kvaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\kvaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\kvaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\kvaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\kvaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\App.DAL.pdb
c:\users\kvaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\ru\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
c:\users\kvaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\ru\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\kvaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\ru\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
c:\users\kvaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
c:\users\kvaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
c:\users\kvaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\kvaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\App.Web.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\kvaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.dll
c:\users\kvaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.pdb
C:\Users\Kvaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\ServiceStack.Client.dll
C:\Users\Kvaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\ServiceStack.Common.dll
C:\Users\Kvaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\ServiceStack.dll
C:\Users\Kvaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\ServiceStack.Interfaces.dll
C:\Users\Kvaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\ServiceStack.OrmLite.dll
C:\Users\Kvaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\ServiceStack.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Kvaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\ServiceStack.Text.dll
C:\Users\Kvaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\ServiceStack.xml
C:\Users\Kvaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\ServiceStack.Client.xml
C:\Users\Kvaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\ServiceStack.Common.xml
C:\Users\Kvaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\ServiceStack.OrmLite.xml
C:\Users\Kvaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\ServiceStack.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Kvaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\ServiceStack.Text.xml
